feat: implement credential (#11601)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/admin-api.md

| DELETE | /apisix/admin/consumers/{username}/credentials/{credential_id} | NUll         | Delete the Credential                          |

### Request Body Parameters

| Parameter   | Required | Type        | Description                                                | Example                                         |
| ----------- |-----| ------- |------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| plugins     | False    | Plugin      | Auth plugins configuration.                                |                                                 |
| desc        | False    | Auxiliary   | Description of usage scenarios.                            | credential xxxx                                 |
| labels      | False    | Match Rules | Attributes of the Credential specified as key-value pairs. | {"version":"v2","build":"16","env":"production"} |

Example Configuration:

```shell
{
    "plugins": {
      "key-auth": {
        "key": "auth-one"
      }
    },
    "desc": "hello world"
}
```

### Example API usage

> Prerequisite: Consumer has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisite: Consumer `jack` has been created.
```

Author: I resolved it.

> Create Credential and specify the authentication plugin `key-auth`:

Reviewer: How about

```suggestion
Create the `key-auth` Credential for consumer `jack`:
```

Author: I resolved it.
